=pod

=head1 NAME

fix-koha-conf

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    ./fix-koha-conf.sh mykoha

=head1 WARNINGS!

This is very much an ongoing WORK IN PROGRESS!

This script WILL NOT preserve custom changes to config files, apart from
passwords in koha-conf.xml!

Make sure you read through fix-koha-conf.sh and that you understand what it
does BEFORE running the script.

=head1 BACKGROUND

See the following Koha bug reports for why this script is necessary:

=over 4

=item * L<http://bugs.koha-community.org/bugzilla3/show_bug.cgi?id=12584>

=item * L<http://bugs.koha-community.org/bugzilla3/show_bug.cgi?id=12577>

=back

=head1 PREPARATION

A couple of sample config templates are provided along with the main script,
but these are only intended as examples, you need to create your own templates
before you use the script. (If you use the provided templates as is, your
instances will be set up to use NORMARC indexing. You probably don't want
that.) Here is how to create new templates:

=over 4

=item * Make sure your package installation of Koha is as up to date as you want
it to be

=item * Create a new instance, e.g. fixconfig

=item * Copy the relevant config files to the same directory as fix-koha-conf.sh, 
and give them a ".template" extension:

=over 8

=item * cp /etc/koha/sites/fixconfig/koha-conf.xml koha-conf.xml.template

=item * cp /etc/koha/sites/fixconfig/zebra-biblios-dom.cfg zebra-biblios-dom.cfg.template

=back

=item * Replace "fixconfig" with "__INSTANCENAME__" in both files

=item * Replace passwords in koha-conf.xml with relevant placeholders

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Magnus Enger, magnus@enger.prv.no

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=cut
